other banded brothers are feasting their
eyes on the baboon's prize what's more
they're growing bolder by the second the
more obstinate the baboon becomes the
more fixated the Mongoose are it's a
battle of wills and the crafty bandits
are breaking him down as they run rings
around him the family sees their
opportunity
leaving the baboon wondering what just
happened it's been days since the family
have eaten this well and though teamwork
is their Forte sharing isn't beaten the
baboon heads off to pastures new
leaving the Mongoose to clean up fortune
favors the brave and this is exactly
what the banded brothers need
full at last they set off home